cz.mpelant.deskclock.AnalogClock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.AnalogClock: AnalogClock(android.content.Context)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.AnalogClock: AnalogClock(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.AnalogClock: AnalogClock(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.AnalogClock: void setTimeZone(java.lang.String)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.App
cz.mpelant.deskclock.App: App()
cz.mpelant.deskclock.BaseScreenOnActivity: BaseScreenOnActivity()
cz.mpelant.deskclock.BrightnessPreference
cz.mpelant.deskclock.BrightnessPreference: BrightnessPreference(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.BrightnessPreference: BrightnessPreference(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ClockActivity
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ClockActivity: ClockActivity()
cz.mpelant.deskclock.DigitalClock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.DigitalClock: DigitalClock(android.content.Context)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.DigitalClock: DigitalClock(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.DigitalClock: void setLive(boolean)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.DigitalClock: void setTimeZone(java.lang.String)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.DontPressWithParentLayout: void setPressed(boolean)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.NotificationListener
cz.mpelant.deskclock.NotificationListener: NotificationListener()
cz.mpelant.deskclock.NotificationService
cz.mpelant.deskclock.NotificationService: NotificationService()
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$anim: int dim
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$anim: int undim
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int alarm_set
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int auto_silence_entries
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int clock_style_entries
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int clock_style_entries2
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int clock_style_values2
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int sw_share_strings
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int timer_notifications
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int timezone_labels
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$array: int volume_button_setting_entries
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int alwaysTrackFinger
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int directionDescriptions
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int feedbackCount
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int glowRadius
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int handleDrawable
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int innerRadius
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int jewelColor
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int jewelOffset
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int jewelRadius
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int outerRadius
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int outerRingDrawable
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int pointDrawable
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int snapMargin
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int targetDescriptions
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int targetDrawables
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$attr: int vibrationDuration
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$color: int blackish
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$color: int blackish_trans
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$color: int clock_gray
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$color: int clock_red
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$color: int clock_white
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$color: int transparent
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$color: int transparent_white
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int actionbar_tab_padding
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int actionbar_title_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int alarm_label_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int analog_clock_diameter
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int big_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int body_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int button_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int city_name_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int city_time_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int dialog_button_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int dialpad_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int dialpad_font_size_ampm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int digital_margin_bottom
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int header_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int label_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int medium_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int notif_margin
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int notif_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int notification_text_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int notification_title_text_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int screensaver_margin
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int small_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int tablet_dialpad_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int tablet_dialpad_font_size_ampm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int time_margin_bottom
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int time_margin_right
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int time_margin_top
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int timer_label_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int widget_big_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$dimen: int widget_medium_font_size
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int ab_hairline
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int clock_analog_dial
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int clock_analog_dial_mipmap
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int clock_analog_hour
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int clock_analog_hour_mipmap
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int clock_analog_minute
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int clock_analog_minute_mipmap
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int clock_analog_second
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int clock_analog_second_mipmap
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int header_bg
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int header_bg_bar
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int ic_action_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int ic_action_settings
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int ic_alarm_small
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int item_background
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int stat_notify_gmail
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int stat_notify_messages
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$drawable: int stat_notify_missed_call
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int am_pm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int analog_clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int battery
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int batteryContainer
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int date
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int digital_clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int main_clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int main_clock_frame
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int nextAlarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int notifLayout
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int numbers_key
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int seekBarPrefBarContainer
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int seekBarPrefUnitsLeft
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int seekBarPrefUnitsRight
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int seekBarPrefValue
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int time
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int timeDisplayHours
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int timeDisplayHoursThin
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int timeDisplayMinutes
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$id: int time_date
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$integer: int dim_animation_duration
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$layout: int brightness_preference
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$layout: int desk_clock_saver
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$layout: int desk_clock_time_date
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$layout: int main_clock_frame
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_alarmclock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$plurals: int Nhours_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$plurals: int Nminutes_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$plurals: int Nseconds_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$plurals: int alarm_delete_confirmation
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$plurals: int snooze_duration
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$plurals: int snooze_picker_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$plurals: int timers_num
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int _ac_
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int _usb_
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int abbrev_wday_month_day_no_year
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int about
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int action_not_available_in_this_android
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int add_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int adjust_brightness
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_alert_alert_silenced
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_alert_dismiss_text
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_alert_snooze_set
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_alert_snooze_text
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_alert_snooze_until
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_button_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_deleted
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_klaxon_service_desc
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_list_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_notify_snooze_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_notify_snooze_text
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_notify_text
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_off
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_on
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_repeat
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_settings
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_undo
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_vibrate
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarm_volume_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alarms_selected
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int alert
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int all_timers_stopped_notif
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int analog_gadget
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int app_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int app_name
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int auto_silence_never
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int auto_silence_summary
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int auto_silence_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int automatic_home_clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int automatic_home_clock_summary
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int battery_charging
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int battery_charging_level
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int battery_full
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int battery_status
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int brightness
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int button_alarms
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int button_cities
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int button_menu
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int calls
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int cities_activity_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int city_delete_confirmation
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int clock_instructions
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int clock_settings
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int clock_style
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int collapse_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int control_set_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int control_set_alarm_with_existing
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int day
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int day_concat
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int days
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int default_clock_style
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int default_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int default_ringtone_setting_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int delete
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int delete_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int delete_alarm_confirm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int deleted_message
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int description_direction_down
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int description_direction_left
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int description_direction_right
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int description_direction_up
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int desk_clock_button_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int desk_clock_help_url
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int digital_gadget
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int disable_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int done
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int enable_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int enable_loc_listener_tip
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int every_day
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int expand_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int full_wday_month_day_no_year
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int gallery_button_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int gmail
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int help
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int hide_clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int hide_icon
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int hide_this_app_from_the_launcher
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int home_button_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int home_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int home_time_zone
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int home_time_zone_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int hour
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int hours
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int hours_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int hours_label_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int label_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int label_unlabeled
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int loading_ringtone
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int menu_clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int menu_desk_clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int menu_edit_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int menu_item_help
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int menu_item_night_mode
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int menu_item_settings
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int menu_stopwatch
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int menu_timer
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int minute
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int minutes
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int minutes_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int minutes_label_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int music_button_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int never
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int next_alarm_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int next_timer_notif
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int night_mode_summary
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int night_mode_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int nightmode_button_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int notification_icons
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int restart_required
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int revert
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int ringtone
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int ringtone_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int screensaver_settings
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int seconds_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int seconds_label_description
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int see_all
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int set_alarm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int settings
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int show_battery_status
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int show_clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int show_missed_calls_icon
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int show_notif
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int show_notif_summary
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int show_unread_gmail_icon
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int show_unread_texts_icon
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int silent_alarm_summary
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int slash
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sms
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int snooze_duration_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int stopwatch_service_desc
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_lap_button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_notification_lap_number
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_reset_button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_resume_button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_share_button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_share_laps
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_share_main
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_start_button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int sw_stop_button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int swn_stopped
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int time
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int time_picker_00_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int time_picker_30_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int time_picker_ampm_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int time_picker_cancel
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int time_picker_set
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int time_picker_time_seperator
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_add_timer
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_cancel
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_delete
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_delete_confirmation
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_notification_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_plus_one
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_reset
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_ring_service_desc
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_start
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_stop
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_stopped
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timer_times_up
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timers_in_use
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int timers_stopped
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int tip_unread_gmail
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int volume_button_dialog_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int volume_button_setting_title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int weather_fetch_failure
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int widget_loading_ms
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int world_day_of_week_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$string: int zero
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int AlarmAlertFullScreenTheme
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int AlarmAlertFullScreenWindowTitle
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int AlarmClockTheme
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int DeskClock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int DeskClockBarStyle
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int DeskClockDropDownListView
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int DeskClockTabBarStyle
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int DeskClockTabStyle
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int ScreensaverActivityTheme
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int SetAlarmTheme
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int SettingsTheme
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int SettingsTheme_ActionBar
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int SettingsTheme_TextAppearance_ActionBar_Title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int TextAppearance
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int TimePickerDialog
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int alarm_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int alarm_label_bold
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int alarm_label_not_caps
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int alarm_list_left_column
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int big_bold
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int big_thin
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int body
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int body_bold
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int body_not_caps
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int bold_button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int city_name
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int city_time
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int clock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int dialog_button
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int dialpad
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int dialpad_ampm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int header
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int header_not_caps
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int label_not_caps
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int medium_bold
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int medium_light
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int small_bold
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int small_light
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int tablet_dialpad
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int tablet_dialpad_ampm
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int timer_label
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int widget_big_bold
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int widget_big_thin
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int widget_medium_bold
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$style: int widget_medium_light
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int[] AnalogClock
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int AnalogClock_jewelColor
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int AnalogClock_jewelOffset
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int AnalogClock_jewelRadius
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int[] GlowPadView
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_alwaysTrackFinger
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_android_gravity
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_directionDescriptions
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_feedbackCount
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_glowRadius
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_handleDrawable
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_innerRadius
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_outerRadius
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_outerRingDrawable
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_pointDrawable
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_snapMargin
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_targetDescriptions
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_targetDrawables
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$styleable: int GlowPadView_vibrationDuration
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$xml: int accessibilityservice
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$xml: int dream_info
cz.mpelant.deskclock.R$xml: int dream_settings
cz.mpelant.deskclock.Screensaver
cz.mpelant.deskclock.Screensaver: Screensaver()
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ScreensaverActivity
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ScreensaverActivity: ScreensaverActivity()
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ScreensaverSettingsActivity
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ScreensaverSettingsActivity: ScreensaverSettingsActivity()
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ZeroTopPaddingTextView
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ZeroTopPaddingTextView: ZeroTopPaddingTextView(android.content.Context)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ZeroTopPaddingTextView: ZeroTopPaddingTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ZeroTopPaddingTextView: ZeroTopPaddingTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.ZeroTopPaddingTextView: void setPaddingRight(int)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.notification.NotificationLayout
cz.mpelant.deskclock.notification.NotificationLayout: NotificationLayout(android.content.Context)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.notification.NotificationLayout: NotificationLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
cz.mpelant.deskclock.notification.NotificationLayout: NotificationLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
